I wanted to talk to you because I'm just
I'm
>> completely driving my boyfriend crazy
myself crazy and I would like to stop in
some way, but I really I've been stuck
in this for like two years.
>> Okay. My guess is it's longer. My guess
is
>> with this boyfriend two years
>> with this boyfriend two years. Right.
And so like when's the first time you
had recognition of driving people crazy
>> in this particular way? Um,
>> no, not this particular way.
>> Oh,
I'm not sure. Um,
related things for a long time, I guess.
>> Okay, great. And what's the particular
way you're doing it now?
>> Uh, I'm very He's very like, I want to
move forward with you. Let's go. And I'm
like,
uh, can't break up with you. also not
going forward with it. Are you the right
person?
>> Gotcha. So, you're an indec you he's
caught in your indecision.
>> Yes. And I feel very frozen around it
and I know that it's really hurting him.
>> Okay. And the way you drove people crazy
before was how
>> I don't exactly feel like I Well, so
more I would just be like everything's
fine and then eventually like break up
with people with no notice.
>> Okay. Gotcha.
Right. would you drive them crazy in an
acute fashion instead of [laughter]
>> and now it's kind of chronic. Yeah.
>> Yeah. I got it. I got it. Um and so
what's interesting to me is that you you
asked me the question
not like, hey, I'm an indecision. It's
causing me pain. How do I stop? You
asked me the question as like I'm
driving my boyfriend crazy as if he's
like the the subject matter, not you.
What makes you what made you phrase it
around your boyfriend instead of phrase
it around your own pain and suffering
regarding your indecision?
>> Um
it the like
the stuff around him feels more painful.
Like I feel a lot of like shame. I'm
scared that he's going to be mad at me.
Like I just want to stop
doing things that upset him.
>> Yeah. Right. So goodness gracious. Of
course you're indecisive.
>> Yeah. [laughter]
>> You want to live with that the rest of
your life?
>> No.
>> Right.
So the question is the question really
like how much of the question is about
how do I stop being indecisive and how
much of the question is how do I live
with this man in a way in which I don't
lose myself perpetually so I don't know
if I want to be with him.
>> Yeah. No 100%. I I have been trying to
figure that out for a while. I would
identify as like a codependent person
and I go to meetings about it and stuff.
Um
>> Okay.
>> Okay. So, let maybe we work on that
instead of the like indecision because
it sounds like that's kind of the core
then. Um so,
um
so, so he's pissed. What's the problem?
Oh, it's intolerable. Um,
>> what do you have to feel when he's
pissed?
>> Just I I sort of cycle between like, oh
[__] like I really [__] up. I've been
like lying to him in some way or I just
am like I should just break up with him.
And then I'm like he is very
>> What do you have to feel?
>> Shame. It sounds like shame. Shame is
one of them.
>> Yeah.
>> Do I [__] up? What's the other thing you
cycle between? What's the other?
>> Uh, mad at him because I'm like, can you
just calm down? [laughter]
>> Okay. So, it's like you have to feel
your own anger and shame, which is
basically anger towards self. You either
have to feel anger towards self or anger
towards him.
>> Yeah.
>> Or you have to be codependent. So, it's
either I'm going to constantly please
you. You're going to feel anxiously
trying to please, or you're going to
feel anger at him or yourself.
>> Yeah. So, what makes anxiously [snorts]
trying to please more acceptable than
anger at him or yourself?
Uh,
I mean, it's like
I feel like I have been not there in a
lot of ways for like a long time and
that's more comfortable. Like, I don't
know. I feel like I
>> You're not there in either way.
>> Yeah.
>> Anxiously trying to please him. You've
left.
angry at him. You're a little more there
if you're angry at him or yourself, I
guess, to some degree, but you're still
you still left.
>> Yeah.
>> So, what makes it that that
anxiously trying to please him is more
comfortable than being angry at him and
yourself or yourself.
Like, literally feel them both for a
minute. Like, feel that feeling of, "Oh
my god, is he going to be upset?
>> What did I do wrong? [__] you. What did
I do wrong? [__] you." Like [laughter]
what what makes one more difficult than
the other?
>> No, they're both really [laughter] bad.
>> Yeah.
So how do like so so
the other thing that I just want we're
going to go over to the left and then
we're going to come back to the main
questioning over to the left is
how often when anybody gets mad at you
do you do the thing where you're like
what did I do [__] you
>> okay
>> mostly what did I do depends on the
person but yeah 100% so somehow in your
mind
the way you know if you've done
something wrong is if somebody else is
angry.
>> Yeah. [laughter]
>> Yeah. How like let's look at that for
just a second.
What like why do we use that as a guide
to what you [__] up?
>> Let's let's make it real life for a
second. What? Give me He gets angry like
at something probably somewhat
repetitively. What's the thing he gets
angry at repetitively?
>> Oh, I know. I've got it. Actually, I
know it. I already got it. Okay. All
right. Okay. I'm going to get angry and
you are going to look at me and you're
going to think and I'm going to say it,
right? But you're going to look at it's
going to be come from me, not from the
boyfriend. You're going to look at me
and you're going to literally have the
thought process that is, oh, this is
about his trauma. This isn't about me.
That's all you're going to think.
>> Okay.
>> Yep. Yeah. Okay.
Why can't you just decide if you're
gonna be with me or not?
Why are you laughing and smiling? This
is serious. I'm I'm hurting over here.
Why can't you decide to be with me or
not?
Yeah. So there is the real thing.
>> Oh, it's hard to
>> Yeah.
You can either anxiously try to do this
thing of keeping him happy or you can
get angry at yourself or others. All of
it is to avoid this
the heartbreak of this.
Yeah.
>> [snorts]
>> I just want to like
[gasps and sighs] I want to be good to
him, but it's it's hard.
Some
[snorts]
I I don't see you not being good to him.
I just see you avoiding the sadness and
and that comes with his pain.
you're here on this call trying to work
this out. I mean, that's that's you
being good to him.
Yeah.
I
He's in a lot of pain a lot of the time.
>> That's right.
Yeah.
And that your job is to when you can be
with this pain and when you can't leave.
[snorts]
>> Everything else is just the whole
codependence. All that is just an
avoidance to not be there with that
in him and that in yourself.
>> Yeah. [sighs]
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Thank you.
>> You're so welcome. What a pleasure to
meet you.
>> Thanks for watching this co-stream
video. And it's probably the sexiest
thing that we do here at the art of
accomplishment. But by no means is it
the most effective. The most effective
thing that we do for transformation and
changing people's lives is our courses.
And the best place to start our
coursework is with the connection
course. So if you're interested in
learning more, just click on the link
below.